Add a workaround for name mangling issue with PowerVR OpenCL (#828)
CHIP-SPV/chipStar: README.md

NOTE: If you don't have libOpenCL.so (for example from the `ocl-icd-opencl-dev` package), but only libOpenCL.so.1 installed, CMake fails to find it and disables the OpenCL backend. This [issue](https://github.com/CHIP-SPV/chipStar/issues/542) describes a workaround.

### Building on ARM + Mali

To build chipStar for use with an ARM Mali G52 GPU, use these steps:

1) build LLVM and SPIRV-LLVM-Translator as described above

2) build chipStar with -DCHIP_MALI_GPU_WORKAROUNDS=ON cmake option

There are some limitations - kernels using double type will not work,
and kernels using subgroups may not work.

> Note that chipStar relies on proprietary OpenCL implementation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that chipStar relies on the proprietary OpenCL implementation
```

> provided by ARM. We have successfully managed to compile & run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
provided by ARM. We have successfully managed to compile and run
```

chipStar with an Odroid N2 device, using Ubuntu 22.04.2 LTS,
with driver version OpenCL 3.0 v1.r40p0-01eac0.

### Building on RISC-V + PowerVR

> To build chipStar for use with a PowerVR GPU, build using the normal steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build chipStar for use with a PowerVR GPU, the default steps can be followed.
```

> There is an automatic workaround applied for PowerVR OpenCL implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is an automatic workaround applied for an [issue](https://github.com/CHIP-SPV/chipStar/pull/828) in PowerVR's OpenCL implementation.
```

> There are some limitations - kernels using double type will not work,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are some limitations: kernels using double type will not work,
```

kernels using subgroups may not work, you may also run into unexpected
OpenCL errors like CL_EXEC_STATUS_ERROR_FOR_EVENTS_IN_WAIT_LIST.

> Note that chipStar relies on proprietary OpenCL implementation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that chipStar relies on the proprietary OpenCL implementation
```

provided by Imagination Technologies. We have successfully managed to

> compile & run chipStar with a VisionFive2 device, using VisionFive2's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
compile and run chipStar with a VisionFive2 device, using VisionFive2's
```

NOTE: If you don't have libOpenCL.so (for example from the `ocl-icd-opencl-dev` package), but only libOpenCL.so.1 installed, CMake fails to find it and disables the OpenCL backend. This [issue](https://github.com/CHIP-SPV/chipStar/issues/542) describes a workaround.

### Building on ARM + Mali

to build chipStar for use with an ARM Mali G52 GPU, use these steps:

1) build LLVM and SPIRV-LLVM-Translator as described above

2) build chipStar with -DCHIP_MALI_GPU_WORKAROUNDS=ON cmake option

There are some limitations - kernels using double type will not work,
and kernels using subgroups may not work.

Note that chipStar relies on proprietary OpenCL implementation
provided by ARM. We have successfully managed to compile & run
chipStar with an Odroid N2 device, using Ubuntu 22.04.2 LTS,
with driver version OpenCL 3.0 v1.r40p0-01eac0.

### Building on RISC-V + PowerVR

> to build chipStar for use with a PowerVR GPU, use these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build chipStar for use with a PowerVR GPU, use these steps:
```
